---
layout: post
title: Draft
tags: []
feature-img: ''
hide: true

---
The year I turned 19, I moved to Kathmandu for college. I lived in a small room in _Kalanki_ that my brother had been living in for the last four years. It was a quiet place to live in, and the relationship with landlords was ...aslkfdj

<--start-->

In the days that followed, I didn’t quite understand why this girl unapologetically sat next to me during classes and laughed at my silly remarks, but I was glad nonetheless. Because it meant that, in those early days of awkward friendships and tentative conversations, I had a place implicitly reserved for me.

And so, I didn’t understand why, one evening, after she had finished stepping on all the dry leaves, this playful kitten curled next to me under a red autumn tree and ended up introducing me to her father who was a solitary star and who burned every night towards the eastern sky. She explained to me teary eyed how she couldn’t spot him in the Kathmandu sky because maybe the celestial sphere had shuffled or maybe because she was slowly forgetting him even when she tried her hardest not to. I put my arms around her because for some reason, I understood that every other gesture was a lie and because no word was good enough.

That day, the part of my heart that ached was the part that I had almost completely forgotten about. It was that neglected corner which fed on the memories of those distant nightmares that woke me up in my cot in the midnight darkness, and fed on the formless ghosts of my childhood imagination. It was that indescribable shadow which still lived in a dull hollow where the eyes of a decapitated goat observed everything, even when it’s body lied dead beside it. It was the part of my heart that sometimes quivered with a prenatal fascination for death.

She had grown up in the ever-long shadow of a mango tree whose branches ended right at her window, in the vast plains of Terai, under the perpetual burden of an endlessly blue sky-dome which stretched from horizon to horizon in all directions. Everyday, the sun would emerge from the belly of her earth, and begin it’s ascent of the blue hemisphere. By then, she would have already have milked the cow and left the tea on boil before waking up her sister and her mother. Then they did the various chores around the house. After the food had been prepared and eaten, she would tie a blue ribbon on her sister’s ponytail and fix her uniform. On the way to school, they walked through the various _aalis_ and unpaved streets, jumped over the many puddles, passed various _chautaras_ where street-hawkers stationed their little portable kitchens to sell _panipuris_, _chatpates,_ and other snacks, and where there were always people sitting leisurely and conversing, eating the various snacks or drinking tea.

During empty summer nights, she would lay with her sister on the still-warm tiles under the immense empyrean darkness. She would point to a certain bright star which certainly wasn’t her father, and fabricate a constellation of lies for her sister, which she came to believe herself in the years that came.

Anyway, all this culminated about two months later one sleepy Friday. I was sleep deprived and drinking coffee when she walked up to me and confessed. In that haze of drowsiness I remember the whole scene only as a sequence of disjointed images. I don’t, for example, remember whether she whispered, whether there were other people, or what words she used, if she used words at all. But I remember that that cheap plastic cup on the table was almost empty. I remember that I had sand in my eyes which I couldn’t get out. But mostly, I remember the way she looked at me, with the same sad eyes that had seen the phantasmal half-corpse of her father, with those ambiguous eyes which always reminded me of the Terai sky so vividly, of which she carried an eternal burden. That day, those eyes had the expectant purity of a not-quite-full moon. She looked at me exactly how every man wants to be looked at by a woman. On her lips, I could count the petals of that flower which had germinated in her heart one summer day when I had held the door open for her, and which had silently grown fuller and brighter with our every encounter. The solitary red rose that she had willingly submitted, and which was all for me to claim should I wish it. Back then I don’t think it was love, but rather a very masculine sense of possession which made me grab her by the wrist and take her under the shade of a deserted _Pipal_ tree, where for the first time in my life I looked a girl in the eye and told her that I loved her too.

One evening which was actually an afternoon, when the sky was steel gray and the hailstorm was nearing an apocalyptic crescendo, and the universe had shrunk up to be so small that at that moment it enveloped the walls of her room and ended at her door, we had no choice but to assume the prehistoric roles of Adam and Eve because nothing and no one other than she and I could exist in this dark twilight which was in reality the godforsaken midday, with the branches whipping violently and with the maize field agitated because of a whirlpool emerging from it’s center and slowly swallowing everything in it’s way. We found ourselves in the paleolithic era with the power cut off forever and all movies resigned to oblivion and all the batteries dead. We made love then, not because we had nothing else to do, but because we had exactly one thing to do, and because all the many unsaid words and gestures had to climax one way or another past the point of no return. And because the pitiful animal which roared in my heart every once in a while, when holding at her soft hands, or when looking at an unintended slice of her stomach, had grown stronger and stronger with every inconsequential touch.

The first hailstone had barely even melted in the grass when I came. The world came back into focus and I felt as though a heavy sadness had begun to ooze from my bones. She had the pitiful look of a girl who had just finished weeping. That moment, overcome by a vague impulse, I promised myself that this woman, this sorrowful creature made of clay, this naked girl who ashamedly walked into her trouser and pulled it up to her waist, the elastic smacking on her skin, was going to be the last woman I ever hold naked.

Then, because there was nothing to be said, she silently made coffee. I sat on the bed watching her. She brought it back to the bed, using the back of a hardcover as a coaster, and snuggled into the covers. We drank coffee that way, without speaking. I wanted to make a joke to ease the situation, but nothing appropriate came to mind, so, resigned, I sipped the coffee in silence, observing an uncertain patch of darkness underneath her table.

The empty cups were still warm when we made love again. But this time more ashamed and awkward, because the uninhibited animal which had filled our bodies with fire the first time had gone to sleep now, and because the imposing cloudburst had now become a mere drizzle, and because the twilight had turned itself into a cloudy afternoon, and because, halfway through, the power came back on lighting the fluorescent bulb in her room, and exposing our naked selves to ourselves. And because now the universe had expanded back to it’s full glory, and she remembered that the curtains were open so I had to get up and close it. When I saw out of the window, reality struck me with a comic mistiming and at that point I realized that we hadn’t used birth control.

<--end-->

Later that day, we went out for a walk. The rain had swept the streets and rinsed the trees, and filled the city-streets with the ambiance of a rain-forest. We took a narrow road which winded around hills

She looked at me like I was the absolute master of my world, and somehow when she did, I did really feel like I was.

I met Samjhana one such day in a party.